Readme.md, before:

Project's Title- Ask Richie Immigration . It is an immigration website telling about Richie who is providing free consultation and services for people who want to come to Canada.

Project Description- I am developing this project as full-stack both from front-end and back-end.

FrontEnd Implementation:-
1) I have developed 2 static pages -"Home" page, "About Us" page using HTML 5, Vanilla CSS, giving details to people  about Ask Richie Immigration

2) I have  developed "Forum" page where people can post questions and get replies . This forum is a dynamic page having CRUD operationality which is implemented using Vanilla JavaScript. Right now it is persisted within local storage only with some bugs to persist replies.

3) I have developed "Contact Us" page where people can contact and send their messages to Richie(owner)

Features to implement yet -

1)In back-end , I have to develop a server using Express Node JS and integrate my "Contact Us" page of frontend with backend and MongoDB.

2) I have to develop one static page "Immigrate" which is rendered from Server-Side.

3) I have to develop user signup and login page so that only users can put questions in forum page after authentication and validation is done from Admin.

Commit message:

create backend server using Express NodeJS create GET URL endpoint for handling GET RESTful API request from front-end create POST URL endpoint for handling POST RESTful API request from front-end create PATCH URL endpoint for handling PATCH RESTful API request from front-end starting server create .env file create functions.js in utility folder test requests from dummy data created in messages-from-contact-us.json file and request body of thunderclient update readme file

Readme.md, after:

Project's Title- Ask Richie Immigration . It is an immigration website telling about Richie who is providing free consultation and services for people who want to come to Canada.

Project Description- I am developing this project as full-stack both from front-end and back-end.

FrontEnd Implementation:-
1) I have developed 2 static pages -"Home" page, "About Us" page using HTML 5, Vanilla CSS, giving details to people  about Ask Richie Immigration

2) I have  developed "Forum" page where people can post questions and get replies . This forum is a dynamic page having CRUD operationality which is implemented using Vanilla JavaScript. Right now it is persisted within local storage only with some bugs to persist replies.

3) I have developed "Contact Us" page where people can contact and send their messages to Richie(owner)

Back-End Implemetation:-

1) Developed a server using Express Node JS to handle RESTful APIs Requests such as GET, POST,PATCH,DELETE without database

Features to implement yet -

1) Integration of  "Contact Us" page of frontend with backend and MongoDB.

2) Development of one static page "Immigrate" using PUG Server-Side rendering

3) I have to develop user signup and login page so that only users can put questions in forum page after authentication is done from Admin.
